Fixing bolding in README (#61)
actions/add-to-project: README.md

[![build-test](https://github.com/actions/add-to-project/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/actions/add-to-project/actions/workflows/test.yml)

> 🚨 **This action is in beta, however the api is stable. Some breaking changes might occur between versions, but it is not likley to break as long as you use a speicifc SHA or version number** 🚨

Reviewer: While we're changing this, there's a few small issues:

```suggestion
🚨 **This action is in beta, however the API is stable. Some breaking changes might occur between versions, but it is not likely to break as long as you use a specific SHA or version number** 🚨
```
